ApiJect is seeking a Digital Marketing Analyst that can help Marketing Team create, manage, and report on digital environments. This position’s responsibilities include working with the marketing team to design and build landing pages and social platform pages, build email campaigns, set up and execute digital advertising campaigns, and synthesize all of the digital spend and visitor traffic across our various projects into understandable reports/dashboards with meaningful insights. Beyond those core responsibilities, this individual will also assist on a range of other efforts including website maintenance, content creation and dissemination, digital media buying, and special business projects for ApiJect and ApiJect-related entities/brands.
Act as point-person for all marketing website and marketing digital platform tasks and management responsibilities.
Work with managers to create real-time reporting and dashboards for digital platform traffic and visitor behaviors.
Build and maintain the content and functionality of ApiJect's various digital platforms (website, Linkedln, Twitter, email, CRM, etc) as well as the backend data tracking across them.
Assist in setting up and managing Mailchimp and any future marketing CRMs, and the ongoing transfer of data within those environments.
Project management responsibilities include the coordination and completion of marketing and assigned projects on time, within scope and within budget.
Organize, lead, and help execute company?special projects?that may fall outside the scope of regular?duties.
Manage vendor relationships with technical and creative vendors for our digital platforms.
Position Requirements
Deep experience with modern web tracking tools including Google Analytics, Google Tag Manager, Google Data Studio, and Segment (or equivalents).
Has at least 2 years of experience building and operating the tracking of digital advertising campaigns that use social media, AdWords, remarketing networks, and other equivalent ad-serving platforms.
Has at least 3 years of experience installing website tracking, including setting up goals and custom events.
Deep experience setting up and managing Wordpress websites and their templates.
Proficient in HTML/CSS and javascript (other related languages are a positive)
Landing page UI design experience is a plus.
Have worked either in a startup environment or on autonomous small teams within larger organizations.
Bachelors degree (in lieu of a degree we will consider direct experience and credentials).
This role will support event strategies that develop the brand and engage our key audiences with positive content experiences. The ideal candidate thrives in a fast-paced atmosphere; where prioritizing, multi-tasking, and meeting multiple deadlines are the norm.
Ability to work remote (company has several offices but most employees work from home)
About the Organization ApiJect Systems, Corp., is a public-benefit medical technology company working to use our platform to bring more prefilled, single-dose injections to patients everywhere. The ApiJect Platform enables pharmaceutical and biotech companies to design scalable prefilled injectors and efficiently fill-finish them with their injectable drug products.