About the role: We are looking to expand our growing Revenue Operations team with a Business Analyst who can help us transform and optimize our sales processes and reporting analytics. The role will play an essential part in growing revenue and building scale in the Sales organization by increasing Sales Representative productivity, effectiveness, and deal velocity through the intelligent use of data and improved processes that reduce friction. To be successful, the person will work closely with teams across the organization involved in the order-to-cash process and customer experience.


Primary Responsibilities:

Collect, structure, and analyze data required for quantitative and qualitative Revenue Operations reporting in support of improvement initiatives, annual budget planning, forecasting, and business performance.
Work collaboratively with stakeholders and conduct business analysis and research to identify key metrics and opportunities for improvement.
Develop and implement processes and procedures to ensure business solutions meet strategic goals.
Develop and maintain key dashboards and data visualizations in Tableau that effectively present insights and engage users in the management of the business.
Help to improve our forecasting and pipeline management processes through data, analytics, and predictive models.
Support executive level and Board reporting.

Requirements:

1-3 years of relevant industry experience in analytics, growth strategy, and operational functions.
Bachelor’s degree in Business, Computer Science, Finance or similar discipline or relevant experience.
Excellent data and analytical skills with proficiency in SQL and Excel.
Data visualization (ideally in Tableau) and Salesforce experience preferred.
Must be detail-oriented with strong problem-solving and critical thinking skills.
Ability to work in a fast-paced, dynamic environment with changing priorities.
Strong business and sales acumen.
Strong interest in learning and improving systems and processes across functions.